hello I am sister Patricia Lynch I am a
sister of mercy and I have been
principal at Blessed Sacrament school
for the past nine years I think our
school fulfills a vital role in the
lives of our students and their families
besides offering an excellent
educational opportunity we seek to be
like Jesus with and for the students
entrusted to our care in 1916 157
students gathered in the basement of
Blessed Sacrament church in Albany New
York to begin the academic year now as
Blessed Sacrament school prepares to
celebrate its 95th anniversary in the
2012 school year the Sisters of Mercy
and the rich cultural diversity continue
to be vital components of this school's
life when able to live and I believe
that was a sacrament is a wonderful
foundation for a child's education I
wanted to be a lawyer and I believe that
Blessed Sacrament school is preparing me
to fulfill my life goals
the distinctive purpose of Blessed
Sacrament school is to create a Catholic
Christian educational community it is
our hope to provide a total quality
Catholic education in which each student
can grow in his or her spiritual life
academic ability and physical maturity
my name is Michael Thomas and I and I
like about this schools or academics I
think I could get a scholarship because
my brother got a scholarship and I think
I could get one camera plus a sacrament
school is a nursery through eighth grade
elementary school the school building
boasts of having a state-of-the-art
facility with a computer lab smart
boards in every classroom a science lab
a full-scale gym and an enclosed
playground I've been here ever since
pre-k so
I know like almost every single teacher
and sometimes they can make teaching
really fun for us and like I love our
principal she's really nice to our many
programs as well as our after-school
care offer parents the ability to work
around their busy schedules being
assured their children are in good hands
I like science it's my favorite subject
and I also like computers I have a nice
feature there I have a nice principle
and that's why I really like it here
I like social studies computers gym math
science and it's a really good place to
come and have your child here to contact
us about our school visit us online at
www.findingking.com
Blessed Sacrament school centered in
faith focused on the future